.Dd Jan 26, 2012
.Os LINUX
.Dt DYNR-WEB  8 URM
.Sh NAME
dynr-web
.Nd
Dynr: Dynamic router web frontend.
.Sh SYNOPSIS
\fB dynr-web.py\fR

.Sh DESCRIPTION

A dynr dynamic router system is a router system that sits between a network with multiple 
internet routers and a network with multiple workstations, and allows the people working
on the workstations to pick and change lines according to their personal preferences and/or
according to the need of the moment. A dynr consists out of several subsystems, the policy 
based routing core (dynr-pbrouting), a web interface (dynr-web) and a dynamic policy based 
dns proxy (dynr-dns). 

The dynr-web frontend for the dynamic router consists of a HTTP daemon dynr-web.py and
some client side javascript. 

Just like the rest of the dynamic router system and the dns proxy subsystem, the frontend will 
get its configuration from the  /etc/pbrouting.json configuration file. 

At system startup, dynr-web will run the dynr-web.py script in order to start listening on the 
different interfaces where clients might be found. The server-side of the front-end acts as
a bridge between the client side javascript application and the dbus services provided by the
dynr-pbrouting core routing subsystem and the dynr-pbdns dns proxying subsystem.

.Sh ENVIRONMENT
The dynr-web package depends on a system that uses both the dbus and the upstart system.
It has been tested on ubuntu 10.4 and 11.4. If you are successfully running dynr-pbrouting on any
other distribution or version, or are having problems running it on any such system, please notify
the author.

.Sh FILES
/etc/pbrouting.json  
.\" .Sh EXAMPLES
.Sh SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBpbrouting.json\fR(5) \fBdynr-pbrouting\fR(8) \fBdynr-pbdns\fR(8) \fBdynr-nagios-test.py\fR(8) 
.\" .Sh STANDARDS
.Sh HISTORY
This package is derived from the original (unpublished) dynrlite system.
.Sh AUTHORS
This manual page was written  by  Rob Meijer <rob@dnpa.nl>, for the GNU/Linux Ubuntu system
